there are no shocking images
no dramatic scenes but whoever watches
this film
has a bit of a flutter every sentence
every line
is expensive details in particular when
they are written into lyrics
resounded with the same tones all depict
more clearly than ever
the romantic but tragic love story of
the beautiful prostitute sateen
and the poor writer christian the motif
may sound familiar
but believe me you won't waste your time
when watching this movie
released in 2001 moulin rouge
successfully took away the tears of the
audiences by its story
the film is also rated by film critics
as one of the best musical theater films
of the century
after romeo and juliet up to now moulin
rouge is still a monument of the musical
and the musical genre christian is a
depressed young writer who followed the
bohemian regional movement of the 1900s
when he moved to the mont martra
district paris
he met a group of performers led by
toulouse lartek
here they recognized his talent which
helped them complete their proposed
program
spectacular spectacularly this group
wanted to sell this program
to harold ziddler the owner of the
moulin rouge pub
they planned to let christian approach
satine the golden bird of zidler
and persuade her to ask her boss to buy
this work
on the other hand sidler and satine were
also plotting a life-changing plan with
the rich duke monroe
a potential investor for their pub hot
beautiful female prostitute sateen had a
burning passion for acting
and she wanted to become a movie star in
addition to the musical aspects
lines and images one element brings
success to the movie which must be
mentioned here is the actress nicole
kidman
with a beautiful hot body that makes it
hard for viewers to take their eyes off
the screen
on the night of the festival sateen
confused christian as a duke
she danced with him and allowed him to
go into a private room to talk
when she found out he was just a poor
rider that's when the duke monroe
appeared
though satine did her best to help
christian escape they were caught
seeing his crush lying next to another
man the duke was
furious at this point sateen and
christian were forced to lie that they
were rehearsing for the play spectacular
spectacular
with the help of ziddler to lose in the
troop they pitched the show to the duke
and improvised a plot about an evil
maharajah attempting to woo
an indian courtesan who loves a poor
sitar player
the duke backed the program on the
condition that he only made
courts a team but fate made christian
and satine meet
and fall in love when the pub turned
into a theater
they often met for the reason of
rehearsal seeing satine and christian
too close
duke monroeth became jealous he
threatened to stop sponsoring the show
zidler arranged for satine to eat with
the duke but she fell
ill from tuberculosis ziddler told the
duke monroe that satine had gone to
confession
and was unable to come sidler learned
from satine's doctor that she didn't
have much longer to live
but kept this hidden from both sateen
and christian at the same time
after discovering their love ziddler
asks a teen to end with christian
she went to see the handsome writer and
told him that their relationship
endangered the show
but he wrote a song to affirm their love
once
nene a jealous geisha revealed to the
duke that the play was a metaphor for
christian satine
and the duke realizing that there was a
conspiracy here the duke demanded the
ending to be changed to the courtesan
choosing the maharajah satin offered to
spend the night with him to keep the
original in
at the duke's quarters satine saw
christian on the streets below
and realized she could not sleep with
the duke the duke attempted to rape her
but she was saved by the dancer les
chocolat
christian urged the team to run away
with him the duke told ziddler he would
kill christian if sateen was not his
zidler warned satan but she refused
until ziddler revealed that she could
not live much longer
if she ran away with christian this
would only bring the young rider death
and satine compromised she went to
christian and said bitter words that
hurt him very much
christian tried following her but was
denied entry to the moulin rouge
and became depressed even though
toulouse insisted that sateen loved him
the night of the show christians sneaked
into the moulin rouge
intended to pace a team to return his
love just as the duke paid for her
he confronted satan backstage and
suddenly they found themselves in the
spotlight
zidler convinced the audience that
christian was the disguised sitar player
he denounced the team and walked off the
stage
[Music]
i paid my heart
at this point from the rafters to lose
cried out
the greatest thing you'll ever learn
[Music]
aforementioned spurts the sateen to sing
the song christian wrote to express
their love
christian returned to the stage and
joined with her in the song
the duke's bodyguard tried to kill
christian but was thwarted by zipper
the duke stormed out of the cabaret as
christian and satine
completed their song after the curtain
closed sateen succumbed to tuberculosis
before she died christian and satine
affirmed their love
she told him to write their story a year
later the moulin rouge had closed out
and was left in disrepair
and christian finished writing the tale
of his love for satine
a love that will live forever the film
has an
excellent reenactment of a romantic love
story in the heart of the magnificent
city of paris
in the late 19th century the beautiful
love of a handsome rider and a beautiful
prostitute does not have a beautiful
ending
their love has overcome other forces but
cannot
conquer their faith on the other hand
aside from mourning the romantic love
story
i also find the earl of monroth pitiful
as the ruling class at that time
he could easily find other beautiful
girls however
in the movie we see him always having
only a crush on the ambitious beautiful
prostitute
and in the end the story between the
three people
cannot entire with anyone